README.md, before:

# Quick Setup

## Create environment
```
micromamba create -n website python==3.12
micromamba activate website
pip install -r requirements
```

## Environment variables

Evaluation variables:
- `SPC_UPLOADDIR`: directory, where the uploaded submission files are stored.
- `SPC_EVALDIR`: location of the non-public ground truth files needed for evaluation.

Email & account creation variables:
- `SPC_EMAILUSER`: email from which to send confirmation/password-reset/etc emails
- `SPC_EMAILPASSWORD`: app password for above email address, needs programmatic access.
- `SPC_EMAILHOST`: host address for email, eg `smtp.gmail.com`.
- `SPC_FROMEMAIL`: typically just equal to the same value as `SPC_EMAILUSER`.

See [email settings](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.2/topics/email/) for more. 

## Initialize database

First we need to `makemigrations` to create the SQL commands which will instantiate the right tables for the user accounts (in the `core` app) and submissions (in the `eval` app), then we can then execute this transaction with `migrate`:
```
python manage.py makemigrations core eval
python manage.py migrate
```

Now you should be able to create a superuser account like so:
```
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

## Start Server

Start website server: 
```
python manage.py runserver
```

Optionally create `<num>` entries with random numbers:
```
python manage.py create_random <num> --users=3
```

## Running evaluation script

You can run the eval script periodically like so:
```
python manage.py evaluate_submissions
```

Commit message:

add uuid for entries, enable qualitative comparisons with sliders!

README.md, after:

# Quick Setup

## Create environment
```
micromamba create -n website python==3.12
micromamba activate website
pip install -r requirements
```

## Environment variables

Evaluation variables:
- `SPC_UPLOADDIR`: directory, where the uploaded submission files are stored.
- `SPC_EVALDIR`: location of the non-public ground truth files needed for evaluation.
- `SPC_IMGDIR`: directory in which qualitative evaluation frames from users are saved. 

Email & account creation variables:
- `SPC_EMAILUSER`: email from which to send confirmation/password-reset/etc emails
- `SPC_EMAILPASSWORD`: app password for above email address, needs programmatic access.
- `SPC_EMAILHOST`: host address for email, eg `smtp.gmail.com`.
- `SPC_FROMEMAIL`: typically just equal to the same value as `SPC_EMAILUSER`.

See [email settings](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.2/topics/email/) for more. 

## Initialize database

First we need to `makemigrations` to create the SQL commands which will instantiate the right tables for the user accounts (in the `core` app) and submissions (in the `eval` app), then we can then execute this transaction with `migrate`:
```
python manage.py makemigrations core eval
python manage.py migrate
```

Now you should be able to create a superuser account like so:
```
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

## Start Server

Start website server: 
```
python manage.py runserver
```

Optionally create `<num>` entries with random numbers:
```
python manage.py create_random <num> --users=3
```

## Running evaluation script

You can run the eval script periodically like so:
```
python manage.py evaluate_submissions
```
